README.md, before:

## TSOT - dwnld2MKV
A very niche **Windows only** command-line tool.
Tool is provided **AS-IS**.

### Installation - download all files into one folder

**Dependencies:**  Install the 64-bit version the [MKVtoolnix](https://mkvtoolnix.download/) toolkit
### Usage - dwnld2mkv.ps1 "path-to-videos"


[Allavsoft](https://www.allavsoft.com/) For video files from Crunchyroll ***ONLY*** (no other website is supported).  To bind the files into a MKV:

 - Go Option -> Preference -> General Tab: Click "Restore to Default" button to set the File Name back to `%(title).%(ext)`
 ---
[CCextractor](https://www.ccextractor.org/) - must have the following settings:

 - In Output (1) tab - Radio button checked -> "Use the same name as the input file...."
 - On Input options tab - Split Type section -> "These are individual, unrelated files.
 - Leave the extension as SRT
 - on Output (2) Tab - Text position section: Radio button selected -> "Export text in its original position. ...."
---
[TunesKit Subtitle Extractor](https://www.tuneskit.com/freeware.html) - must have the following settings:
 - Output folder must be in the same directory as your MP4 files extracted from iTunes.

Commit message:

Adds link for Subtitle Edit to readme

README.md, after:

## TSOT - dwnld2MKV
A very niche **Windows only** command-line tool.
Tool is provided **AS-IS**.

### Installation - download all files into one folder

**Dependencies:**  Install the 64-bit version the [MKVtoolnix](https://mkvtoolnix.download/) toolkit
### Usage - dwnld2mkv.ps1 "path-to-videos"


[Allavsoft](https://www.allavsoft.com/) For video files from Crunchyroll ***ONLY*** (no other website is supported).  To bind the files into a MKV:

 - Go Option -> Preference -> General Tab: Click "Restore to Default" button to set the File Name back to `%(title).%(ext)`
 - Optional - One can use [Subtitle Edit](https://github.com/SubtitleEdit/subtitleedit) to remove the extra formatting from the SRT files in batches.
 ---
[CCextractor](https://www.ccextractor.org/) - must have the following settings:

 - In Output (1) tab - Radio button checked -> "Use the same name as the input file...."
 - On Input options tab - Split Type section -> "These are individual, unrelated files.
 - Leave the extension as SRT
 - on Output (2) Tab - Text position section: Radio button selected -> "Export text in its original position. ...."
---
[TunesKit Subtitle Extractor](https://www.tuneskit.com/freeware.html) - must have the following settings:
 - Output folder must be in the same directory as your MP4 files extracted from iTunes.
